Add documentation about new parameters of the text_line field type (#596)
sulu/sulu-docs: reference/content-types/text_area.rst

    * - Parameter
      - Type
      - Description

>     * - softMaxLength

Author: ```suggestion
    * - soft_max_length
```

      - string
      - Soft limit for maximum number of characters. Will show a character counter (replaces `max_characters`)

>     * - minLength
>       - string
>       - The minimum number of characters
>     * - maxLength

Author: ```suggestion
    * - min_length
      - string
      - The minimum number of characters
    * - max_length
```
